you're nobody you better maybe I am
better off dead the world that needs me
before why now anyway today I'm gonna be
doing a makeup tutorial eyes
oh my gosh did you see what she was
wearing yesterday
you went awful shut up I've had a long
night morning girls
were you looking at free go sit down
all right let's call it engines Chris
here Lacey here Lily here Anna wait
all right let's pass back text Lily wait
what is this I will never ever forget
what you did to me is forever etched
into my heart each car dealer gave me
will be repaid with two types of damage
remember what you have done if you
forget I will personally come and remind
you beware what are you doing free when
I win hope families week no wonder that
it could like you so talk about my
family like that didn't your dad leave
you two young age you have no right to
talk about me don't you ever talk to me
like that again
loser
you
what are you doing here so calling you
freak